DOCS-16186: Add GO compiler info to changelog for 100.7.1 (#122)
mongodb/docs-commandline-tools: source/includes/changelogs/releases/100.7.1.rst

- RedHat Enterprise Linux 9 (x86 and ARM)
- Amazon Linux 2023 (x86 and ARM)

> Downloads were compiled with Go 1.19.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tools were compiled with Go 1.19.9.
```

Author: Thanks @FGasper! Done.
